Using css, we can position our elements in a few different ways. 
Let’s imagine that within our nav we have an image element.
Let’s give this image element a width of 50 pixels, a height of 50 pixels and a background of red.
By default the position is static. Which means it is positioned according to its placement in the html tree. 
If we want we can make it relative to its current position then we can decide how far from its previous top 
10 pixels and how far from its previous left position for example and how far from its left position 10 pixe for 
example if we want we can also make it stick to its current position even while we are scroll up and down right and left.
To do this change the position to sticky. Let’s see it in action. Up and down, right and left. 
Finally we can choose to take it out of its placement in the html tree entirely make it relative to the viewport
To do this change the position to absolute instead of how far from the top. We can decide how far from the bottom. 
Instead of how far from the left we can decide how far from the left. 
If we want to know exactly how far it is from the top of the viewport we can write console.log document.querySElector image dot offset top. 334pixels.
For how far from the left of the viewport we can write console.log document dot queryselector image dot offset left. 510 pixels. 
It is also possible to determine how far we have scroll 
This distance here we can write console.log document.querySelector header scroll top.
Its showing zero because code always refreshes when we write new code
To determine how far from the left
This distance here we can write console.logdocument.querySelector header scroll left. 
