Engineers who are cabable of both frontend and backend development is called full stack developers.
In the past most of the codes is writtend in the server. 
When that got too large the trend is to divide into micro servers and macro servers


35
Now-a-days, most of the codes written in the cloud instead of a server.
That has gotten so big that a recent trend is to divide up the code
into micro frontends. A couple of these trend micro full stack development

In fact, Web components make micro frontend devlopment a natural first step

a big reason why more and more code is frontend than the backend is because of serverice workers provided by the broswer**


For writing code for server workers, the code is executed by the broswer instead of the server
This lower the cost for the buisness as well as provide greater privacy for the users.

Another exciting trend is also happening for the database. 
Instead of storing  our data in traditional private data base, we now have the option of storing in blockchain. 
which are public and anonmyous. 
A popular example of this is IPFS. 


The first bonus section, you will learn how to use the Web MIDI API to connect your code to external keyboard piano. Like this one, 
Help music studnet how to play on a real piano

In the second bonus section, you will learn how to use machine learning to detect music notes to help aspiring singer train their voice.
The API we will use is called TensorFlow by google.

In the third bonus section, you will learn how to create a simple ethereum smart contract to help musician copyright their songs as non-fungible tokens
or NFT which are tradeable on any blockchain marketplace. For example, Opensea.

In The final bonus section, you will learn how to create your own domain using google domain. and How to pusblish your website for free using Github pages. 


Overall, the take home message is this, now more than ever is the perfect time to become a frontend engineers as server workers and blockchain technology 
becomes more and more popular demand for frontend will only increase. 


The course curriculum is intimidating that's natural
the thing is, whenever we learn something new , there are four stages we go thru. 

The first stage is "don't know that we don't know" All complete beginners, never as long as your excited and curious 
