We have learned how to use section tags and subsection tags to organized and describe our page. 
for our text and images, we should also use the right kind of tags to describe them.
For example, there are six types of heading tags number one thru six.
Heading one should be use for the highest section levels while heading six should be use for the lowest section level.
For instant, this could be heading one while, this could be heading two, 
and this could be also be heading two, 
we could use a paragraph tag for this paragraph, description button for these two buttons, 
and anchor tag for this link 
And a figure tag for this image.
We could also use an anchor tag for these links in the header
And these links in the footer
In HTML code we can also easily model this, inside nav, the header, 
we can add as many anchor tags as neccessary for the menu
Anchor is shorten a because its used very often. 
Remember, the shorter, the tag name the more popular they are.
We could also add as many anchor tag as necessary for the site map
inside the nav and the footer
Inside the first subsection of main, we can add a heading one tag.
Inside the second and third subsection  we can add heading two tags
Again, heading is shorten to h because its use very often
Inside the first subsection
we can add a p tag for the paragraph description
Two button tags for the two buttons
an anchor tag fo the length and a figure tag for an image
These kinds of tags are called content tags.
and when we use the right kind that describe its content we will further make our page search friendly and screen reader friendly
