to make learning fun we will learn by creating a playlist, 
we will learn how to style a playlist create a responsive layout using css and we will learn to make the playlist interactive using JavaScript

In section five we learned about primitives the basic building blocks of all data structure in js 
its kinda like the alphabets upon on whic words are created
Its also like musical notes  from songs are composed.

in section six, we learned about functions a way to organized our actions are action and algorithm for example with letter and data 
we can create a function to pronounce those letters. And if our data or our musical notes. We can create a function to play those musical notes


In section seven, we learn about arrays, a data structure that allows us to create an order list for example a word can be thought of a sequence of arrays of letter. 
in music, a scale can be thought of as a array or a sequence of notes.

In section eight, we learn about objects the most complex data structure in JavaScript. with it we can combine words to make sentences. 
Pick up notes from a scale to make melody and harmonies.

In section nine, we learn about web components, where we utilized all our knowledge of HTML CSS and JavaScript to create our own custom elements.
its kinda like combining sentences together to make coherent paragraphs combine melody and harmonies to make complete song

That concludes the second half of our course, to summarized this course is organized around the data structure and algorithms that 
we can use to manipulized those data structure. in the first half we learned about the DOM tree and how css and js can be used to manipulate the DOM tree.
In the second half we learn about the different types data struture in Javascript that the algorithm that we can use to manpulite those data structure such as 
operators conditions loops etc.


As a bonus for learning Frontend thru me, i will also teach a little backend development too.
by the end of te bonus section, you will know how to release a working website to the world.

Frontend engineers are responsible for the clients aka the broswer where as the backend engineers are responsible fot the server and the database.
When you make a url request for a webpage, the broswer goes tot he server to fetch the code and the database to fetch the data




