The first article is called, Data Structures in Javascript for Frontend Software Engineers.
Where i gave a quick overview of the data structure of the Javascript language.


7
However, these two articles are not intended for beginners. Overtime, I notice 
more and more begommer students and readers asking for beginners course on these two topics.

8
To begin all you need is to create a free account on codepen. 
Then, simply create a new pen.

9
For the rest of the course this will be our home.
basically, to become a senior frontend engineer. one must master HTML CSS and JavaScript.


This course is created to help complete beginners to become mide-level frontend engineers. 
Now-a-days, juniors position is reserved for only college student majoring in computer science. 
A non-traditional student like you, Your best chance is to apply for mid-level position.


when your asked in an interview, your interviewers will likely test your knowlege and understanding
of Data structure and Algorithms. Therefore to help you succeed this course will be organized around these two important topics.


12
This course will have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine section. 
And one two three four bonus sections.

13

Beneath these section, the data structures and algorthms will grow in complexity
To help make this course fun the data example we will use will be music notes
The algorithms we apply will be basic music theory to help make those notes sound good together.

14
for the main section, all you need to learn and follow along is code pen main browser code editors.
for the bonus section, however, you would need to download and install a local code editors to your computer
for our course we will use VS code or Visual studio code.

15. This web development course for beginners is unique not for its emphasis on data structure and algorithms but for the way we approach
 all three languges of the web HTML, css and Javascript
 
 16 
 Normally, these three languages are taught separately because each one by itself is already quite chanllening.
 
 17 
 Even though it will be three times harder, we will learn all three languages at the same time
 because there are many important concepts in each language that are best understood in relationship to each other.
 
 18
 Of course, I will do my very best to teach them in the easiest way possible
 
 19
 
 In fact all three languages share one very important structure, the DOM tree, which will be the focuse of our first half of the course
 
 For the second half our focuse will shift to Javascript
 while still learning more about HTML and CSS. 
 By the end of the course, our ultimate goal is to be able to create custom elements from scratch.
 Which required mastery of all three languages of the web. 
 
 20 
 As frontend engineers, we are responsible for design and engineeing web application
 However, now-a-day web development is becoming more and more frontend focus.
 So our responisbility has shifted to more engineering than designing.
 

21
The design of our user interface is created using HTML and CSS.
For interactive Javascript engineering is required.

22
In another words, design is declarative.
Engineering is imperative when dynamic
Draw the theme for the first half and the second half of our course.


23
In the first section, we intro the first three language of the web and their relationship to the DOM tree.
the second section we go over all the css properties,
in the third section we learn how to create layouts that responsive to all kinds of different devices.
In the fourth section, we learn how to interact with user input into the forms using javaScript

 
 
