Another differenece between a mid-level and a senior
is that a mid-level may know what to do and how to do it but not necessarily know why or when to do it. 
unfortunately, this is very difficult to teach. but it will come natural with enough hands on

These four stages can be visualized as a learning curve. 
To summarized in stage one where we don't know that we don't know. 
Ignorance is indeed blissful. 
And when we begin to know that we don't know in stage two. 
It can be a tough uphill battle. 
And sadly many people quite at this stage.
And when things are difficult keep in mind that there is a plato exist in stage three.
And when we keep at it for long enough the intution we developed will make learning effortless in stage four.

As a student of this course you should set yourself the goal of reaching midlevel 
as your instructor i will challeng myself to help you reach a senior level.


to achieve this, every programing concept in each section will be taugh in three parts.
Part one, I will start by diagramming the concepts to help you developed a good mental model and a great intuition.
I will teach the concept using the data structure and show you some examples of the algorithm 
so you can use on that data structure. 
I will do this in a very methodical and scientific matter so you can clearly see the cause and effect.
Whenever possible i will reference Mozilla or MDN for short to ensured our coverage of the material
is complete and comphensive. And to hlep you really appreciate the current way of coding. 
I will always try to contrast it with an older and longer way of coding of the same thing.


In part two to help you get plenty of practice i will create coding exercies for every programming concept.
these exercies will be interact so you that you can check your answer right away. 

In part three, to help you quickly gain value experience i will diagram my pseudo code and walk you thru my solution
line by line
to help explain common code 
